Today is the nineteenth.

Tomorrow I move in for college. To be frank, I don't want to. I hope that this mindset doesn't deprive me of any would-be opportunities had I not had this mindset, but I just
don't feel like socializing with other people. I understand the overall self-improvement aspects of life that there are to gain, but I'm just not in the right standing,
mentally, to do this. Just not right now. At this moment. Maybe tomorrow I change my mind. Maybe I don't.

Tomorrow will be the last day I see my father for a long time. Despite what I've said about him for my whole life, .... I don't really know. He has a hot and quick temper,
and I think that that's what's got the best of him in his life. Of course, I don't know half the story. But just the parts where I've been present, I mean.

I do think he could have been kinder to me. Maybe have been a "better" father in some aspects. But what do I know about it, to be honest. I guess just from the stuff I see in 
the movies and media and stuff. But I just think the cultural divide between his upbringing and my upbringing were different. Just simply different. Hard to translate
skills from one world to another. I guess. I feel like I also finally got along with him. I get to the end of something, and something else's waiting for me. It's always been like that.

I know how not to provoke him, something I had to figure out over the years. I feel like I could finally talk to him without the conversation ending up in shouting or yelling of some sort.
But I guess it's too late. Like a lot of things. Time just goes on, without anything stopping it. Changes in my life. Changes in his. Wish I could just rewind time. Wish I was smart enough to 
see things earlier.

He was "harsh", by American and Western standards, when it came to disciplining/raising me up overall. I was always a troublemaker, a cheater, in some ways. By nature, too. Doubt I could change.
And I think that that called for his action on so many dates. Was he "harsh" by Eastern/his standards? Doubt it. Guess I'll never know for sure.

Despite what you'd say about him if you met him on the street, I think he's a pretty emotional guy. I believe strongly that he had a "harsher" upbringing than mine, so in his mind (not 
preferring one's over the other), he's been nice to me. At least nicer. Anyways, I can see that he likes to talk. And if you disagree with him, even if it's on a valid point,
he'll find a way to assert that his point is better to believe than yours.

That's just one aspect of him. I think his whole life, he never got any praise from people he loved. Always external praise. Academic, mostly. This led to him being the guy
for answers. Because he had more of them, compared to the average Joe. So anytime he doesn't know an answer or what he has in mind is just flatout wrong, he's slightly offended.
His role as the answer guy is jeopardized.

But who am I to psychoanalyze this dude. What do I know. Don't even know why I wrote that, just popped into my head, I guess.

In spite of all the "bad" qualities that one could argue against him, he genuinely wanted what was best for me. And I don't think you can say that for many other people in this world.
Now, wanting what's best for someone isn't inherently good for that person, because you can believe that that person has to execute actions to achieve his goals in a bad way. But the intention was there.
I know I always say to myself that I/other humans can't judge each other on intentions, because we'll never know for sure, but I think this comes as a calling exception.

He truly wanted what was best for me. Even though he may have went too far, a lot of times. Even though he may have pushed me to the point where I hated his guts. He wanted what
was best for me. And that, I can never dispute. Nobody can ever dispute that fact. A lot of scummy dads out there sometimes don't even care about their children. Nah. Not this guy.
If anything, he cared too much. And that led to the downfall of his relationships, I believe.

I'm gonna miss him. I think it'll be harder on him than it is me. I mean, truly. I don't think he has anyone else to talk to. At least my mom has my sister. But, my dad?
Who? I really wish the best for him. Younger me might be jumping up and down at this, but I do. With all my heart, I do.

Damn. He was just so tough. To the point where this'll never reach him. Know what I mean? He's just too tough. I don't know how someone can be that tough. I don't mean tough emotionally,
in relationships, mentally, academically, physically, but I mean it in my own way. If I'm ever reading this over, I hope you get what I mean here. World wasn't meant for people like him.

I'm being tough, right now, too, writing this message, because there's a lot of things going on in my mind that I'm not writing down. Which is what I try NOT to do here.

I'll miss you. Genuinely. This is one of the most unfulfilling blog posts I've written because I'm not getting my thoughts out like how I just let my mind ramble on in my other posts.

You truly were meant for another world. I'll miss you. I wish we could have got along better. I wish I used my head to interact with you better. I wish I was a better son. I wish you were a better father. 

I wish I wasn't tough, like you. I wish you weren't so tough. I wish we all could have got along, like a family.

I remember when I played soccer with you and Janna at Red Wing. Mom was there, too. We all got along. We all were happy. I wish I could just go and live that moemnt for eternity. That's all I wanted. That's all we wanted.
