It's gotten around where I've started to think about the courses I'm gonna take for the upcoming year. Here's what I have laid out so far.

PHYSICS61
CS106B
MATH61CM or MATH51
PHYSICS59

And I might try to cram in SPANLANG3 to get my language requirement out of the way. A lot of people might advise to me to take a lighter courseload, but unlike a lot of other people,
I'm heavily conflicted on what I want to do in the future. Stanford has a big pressure on funneling kids into CS, and I don't know if I want to succumb to that or not.

I want to spend my first quarters lowkey tryharding just to explore a bit deeper into the subjects I want to study. Hell, I even have the slightest interest in Political Science.
Reforming the public and whatnot. Helping the world, I guess. Anyways, my main goal for freshman year is to figure out what the hell I want to do with my life.

I want to do something I can be proud of. But I also don't wanna be born posthumously. You know what I mean. "Oh, what a noble person, working a small, low-profile, job 
actively trying to better the lives of those around him and pursuing what he likes because he likes it." Millions of people must have studied Physics and Math and their names
have been forgotten. And I bet millions of those people are smarter than me, too. Who am I to think I'm any different than the rest of them. At least the rats who study to
become SWEs have something to show for it at the end of the day. The only leverage that a Math/Physics/Academia job has over CS-industry jobs is that I don't feel
like killing myself at the end of the day.

As for the social aspect of things, I haven't really given much thought to it yet. I plan to either get an internship at JPL and hang out with my Caltech friends (especially
her). Or CURIS, or a CS-industry internship. Or the internships that Physics majors get set up with at SLAC. I don't know, we'll see how it goes. Hope I can land something.
Just want to do something that can help me figure out what I want to do. Caltech would be so nice, though. That's for another blog post.

Speaking of landing something, I landed a software engineering JOB at Revature the other day. I'm pretty sure anybody could, but the pay isn't actually bad. It maxes out at
something like 90K a year after three years of experience, but I couldn't join because I was 18. Doubt I'd join anyways. Don't wanna be coding React Hooks and useStates
for the rest of my life. Web development wasn't really much of an interest to me, anyways. Might end up faking it though in the future. 
