Sup. I'm sitting in my bedroom with just my underwear on writing this. TMI?

Currently coding up the Hippodrome website. Think I'm getting the overall hang of using a Styles.js file with React and CSS. Want to add in a backend through a login and signup
form.

Bought one of those 99 cent Sour Patch Kids candy at GrandMart today. The Watermelon flavor/edition is really good. Undefeated.

I've been thinking what I really want with this website. Not like an end product, but why I created it. I surprisingly enjoy blogging my nights. But I doubt that I do it just
for self-satisfaction. I think I derive more satisfaction from the thought that I can give this to someone else to read when I really trust them. So they can also know
what was going through my head. But then, I always try to suppress those thoughts, because once something of my creation becomes subject or under the eyes (or will be)
of another person, I can't help but think that fact influenced my writing.

So I want to set the record straight. I want to create this blog for myself in the future. I read somewhere that we treat our future and past selves as completely different people,
and that humans only label their present selves as "themself." So, I guess I'm creating it for a person: Me in the future. I don't think the rules of conformity (for lack of a better word,
or knowledge of a better word) apply when I'm thinking of my future self. Maybe conformity isn't the best word to use. Ostentatious? I don't know. Fear of rejection?

Interesting that I don't have a word for this, but this is a recurring thought that I have commonly. There's a lot of things I think about that I don't even try to put into words,
well, because I don't need to. If it's in my mind, I'm talking to myself and don't need to use words. I know that the future me will understand what I'm trying to say right now.
