I am only joking, and I know that I may not be that funny. Maybe I am laughing at the thought of the reaction to myself making this joke. Perhaps you think that I am 
emotional. 

I don't own a lot of things. Things that may have an impact on someone's life, or things that would make something out of no one. I don't have any particularly redeeming
qualities. And I really believe that the notion that everyone has their own unique calibers or characteristics that someone else would enjoy is false. Phase by phase 
this thought is being killed by absolutist herdthink, which is, I believe to be, the preservative of friendship. I don't mean the idea of everyone having their own unique 
character: I mean the idea that people believe that everyone has their own personality.

I wouldn't say I'm good-looking, or overtly charismatic. I wouldn't say I'm athletic. Or abnormally smart. But I also wouldn't say that I am the opposite of those.

I am the median. A person in the middle of the crowd, with no clear path. I'm highly impressionable, with no backbone to me. I fantasize about people with any clear quality.

Within minutes of talking to me, I don't think this is the idea that people have of me. I can come across as confident, calm, intelligent, and maybe even attractive.

I don't strive for a better self, because I am. I am. I am indifferent to the thought that some other people have "better" aspects of character
than me, that I am just the mean. It's not that I comfortable with the current state of myself.

I don't like myself. Why not reform myself and suppress these bad qualities? Why not go to the gym? Why not read books and become the artificially smartest? Tell me that.

Humans want to create. They don't want to reform. People dislike when they have to correct something that they've already worked on: They'd rather work on a new project. 
I don't want to dislike myself any more than I do now.

It's my fault you can't fucking operate a fucking machine. I'm the fucking problem. Fuck you. You type away at those fucking keys, thinking you're some secret Batman-type
ass person. You're so impatient. You think publishing under this pseudo-name on this nerd website will make you look like some fucked-up hero. Well, let me tell you 
something. You're watching too much Taxi Driver. You have to live with me. You have zero abilities of communication with new. You cycle through the same fucking lines
when you meet a new person. You're an aesthetic person, as much as you don't want to believe it. You think dressing up and living like that will make you less unbearable.
You are unsufferable. You approach girls who you think are attractive. You are based on looks.

You were never there. Always in the corner, with your mouth shut. Always getting pushed around. Never put those median qualities to use. Always stepped all over. You never
had the grit it took to become "good" at something. Always hesitant. You lost at _. You didn't stick with _.

I hate you. You know you're not particularly good at anything. You know the truth about me. You know deep inside what you did. Cheater. And now you sit in your room.

Think of one person that does. Not a single one. You believe in a crystal edifice. You think you're so cool. "Forever indestructible... nor make a fig in one's pocket." Fuck you.
