Guess I haven't been posting much on here as I wanted to. I just wanted to say that I am of the firm belief that some people are just the way they are. No matter how much you 
tell them that what they're doing is wrong or inefficient, they insist on being a type of way. It's just in their nature. Makes me think of the story of the scorpion
and the frog or toad, I can't really remember, to be honest.

It's incredibly difficult for these type of people to learn what they're doing is disadvantageous in some respect, and commonly, the way they find out is the "hard way."
I think everyone has their own quirks and personas, and similarly, I think some people just have the quirk of being stubborn when it comes to some aspect of their lives.
Whether that be how they squeeze the toothpaste out of their tube or how they always take the easy way out in everything they do.

I don't think you can blame these people. Sure, you should maybe try to do your part in convincing them that their methods hurt/hinder them in some way, but if heads butt, they butt. 
I say the person trying to convince these type of people otherwise is even more foolish.

Maybe this post is coming from a place of deep, unseated, self-justification, who knows. But sometimes, I really can't help but wonder if he managed to do what he wanted to do in the end.

It's also September. I move in college in a couple of days, and I think it's due time, honestly. I've enjoyed these few days that I've had to myself, even though I may have felt
overwhelmingly existential recently. I hope that I can learn a lot from college, and meet tons of new people. I'm also hoping that these words alone can help my mindset and behavior
towards meeting new people. Words can subconsciously program your mind/body.

I also feel that I've been on the run recently, for whatever reason. From what? I don't know. Maybe that's not the best way to put it, but I won't delete that. I just feel that I haven't been 
at peace for a long time, even though this is maybe the closest I am to the conventional meaning of peace. Solitude, alone, quiet, lots of time to thinking to myself. I don't know.

I do think things were a lot simpler, at least psychologically/mentally, for people of my demographic, maybe 200/300 years ago. Maybe even simpler in the hunter-gatherer times.
There was just a lot less to focus on. Less media to consume, I guess. Just feel like my brain is being bombarded by so much shit at once that I can't even take the time to delve into something that interests me.
Too many options is the equivalent of having no options. There's some saying about that. 

I've been learning a lot of DS recently. Think that's good. All jokes/existentialism aside, it's actually pretty fulfilling. Project Euler type shit. Maybe I should do this type of stuff in college. Putnam or some shit like that.

You are very interesting. Keep telling yourself that. It's good for you. I also need to shave. 

Of his two guests, one of them applauded when I walked in for a short time, but I lit into him pretty quickly. And not at all out of pity for his father/mother, but simply because
such a little fuck was being applauded. Wouldn't forget him, though.

Maybe I should make some video of me playing Minecraft or RDR2 next time and just voice over what I've been feeling recently. That'd be lit. 

I also sold those purple Jordans for 80 bucks at that shitty vintage store. Thank fuck. I bought them for 85 dollars, though, so I guess I just lost five dollars and a piece of my mental aptitude and space for a year.

I also sometimes get this weird feeling of wanting to work at Marshall's again. Lmfaooo. Maybe it's just an easy thing to say without actually doing, because I remember likening it to hell in front of some other dude once. 
A bit of a weird feeling, though. Sort of like a desired peace in knowing that there's no progression and always work to do. Maybe it's that capitalist mindset leaking into my head from ads or some shit, though. 

Got to be mindful of my own fucking thoughts, nowadays, and can't just let it rampant. Having control over my own thoughts is pretty difficult. Sometimes, I just know where a thought will lead without thinking
about where it would lead, so I end the thought there before it gets any further. Sounds impossible when I type it out, but I've done it before. I think. He thinks, he knows.

However, at the same time, you can't keep it bottled all up. Not even on some fake anti-masculine shit, it's good for me to have this outlet. Where I can just let my thoughts run, with no clear guidance.
Just wherever they want to go. Also, I've thought about playing club basketball for Stanford. Would be cool asf.

San Francisco over Thanksgiving sounds cool. Taking the train everyday doesn't.

Bury me with my favorite Sparkling Frost flavors. Pineapple, orange (?), grape, raspberry, and classic lemonade. 

Sometimes I feel like I have so much plaque on my teeth. But I don't, in reality. I brush my teeth very thoroughly, actually. The trick to brushing your tongue is to have a bit of foamy paste available and not spit it out so you can kind
of use it when you brush your tongue. 

Enough for this one.
