I'm in my final year of college. I could have taken an extra year, but I chose not to since I have a job lined up after graduation.

I'm graduating at a pretty crazy time, like in terms of AI and the economy. I think about career a lot these days, naturally so.

I'm 21 years old. I think this is how I've thought about my life wrt to career for my whole life: I try to be (and think I naturally am) a competitive person, and so in many academic settings I sort of look towards who I view as the hardest working/most achieving person and strive to be someone who competes with that person. It's a very extrinsic type of mindset, and I think it works well on the surface - people will look at that person and say "wow, he/she accomplished so much and is very smart/hard-working/(x) because of x y z he/she accomplished". In fact, I think this mindset works well in like earlier stages of life, where specialization doesn't matter too much.

However, I think that I'm arriving at points and making decisions where this mindset fails. Other things should be weighed more heavily, like personal interests. It's kind of obvious what I'm trying to say, that personal interest matters in what you want to do, but it's not that trivial to recognize what I'm subconsciously doing and correct some of my own behavior to reflect that update. 

For example, your friends might be very interested in some area of manifest, and this might manifest in certain classes or extracurriculars they take. Rather than just instinctively try to "compete" and learn the same information, but in some "better" way than them, I should ask myself, "does this really get me closer to things?"

